he's very busy looking after Jays
animals but she still makes time for her
baboons and today she's planning a
special treat
so hey that's it yeah
right because we got like half an hour
all up now let's go get busy
it's what's known in the zoo world as
enrichment keeping the animals occupied
and making their lives more interesting
it's to keep them busy throughout the
day and make their behavior a bit more
natural these baboons spend a lot of
time in the world picking for roots
digging for roots and things like that
so this would that kind of thing we're
trying to get them to do it's not just
there in front of their face and they're
picking up an agent we're gonna dig it
out with their fingers